---
Tags: daily, #daily
---

2024-01-01, 13:24

Links: [[2023-11-21 (STORY MEGANOTE)]]


---
## What I did Today


--- 
## Ideas

A fucked up dream I had that just won't leave my mind. 
It was about some female social media star and I think adult content creator.
It was a strangely normal setting, just me at home alone (though it may have started as some kind of lewd dream which I forgot) and I was on my phone or computer.
At some point my parents returned home from something (buying stuff?) and I hear them talk about something tragic and messed up being in the news, my mom showing my dad something about it and being appalled. 
I was also browsing a website (like a mixture of crunchy roll and social medias) where on the right sidebar you could see news articles. One of them showing a story about that social media star and how she brutally died in a car crash together with her boyfriend. But the aftermath with her was the main attraction and even documented in all these news articles/shared around. (I relived their crash in POV as well when I "read" about the accident). Some odd curve and debris made the car basically fly a bit and then crash into a tree or something like that.
The guy just died but she basically got her head impaled with a big branch (my guess).
The fucked up part is that video footage and photos of her corpse were just shown in those articles. even previews and with autoplay on! You saw her lying somewhere, the car or already outside. There are two variants of her mutilation in my dream. One, where the hole through her head goes from front to back, basically removing her face and leaving a bloody mess and one that disturbed me even more. The hole went from side to side and that basically meant that her face was "perfectly" fine but nothing was supporting it since her head was basically hollow. So in those videos you could see her face slowly cave in and lose its shape. in some photos the eyes have already sunk through the head and disappeared leaving an incredibly disturbing and brutal sight. I was shocked and disgusted and couldn't look at it any longer (I also basically knew this creator for a while so this was especially awful). But the dream kept making it show up on the internet where it was carelessly shared around. I talked with my parents about it etc. In general I felt sick throughout the entire dream but those awful images of her destroyed head next to what she used to be kept showing up. I was even right next to the corpse in POV at one point. 
And the worst part is, that this dream was such a nightmare that it actually woke me up multiple times but every time I went to sleep again it just continued and I kept finding these clips and images.
I even had a situation where I thought I was awake and started my breakfast routine and my parents were awake too. So I go to them and talk about the fucked up dream I had but then I get hit with the "that actually happened" and I was back in the same scenario where I got bombarded with gore on all devices, basically making me paranoid. Even now I slightly fear seeing her slowly deflating and caving in face again, with blood, brains and guts everywhere.

Now that's a crazy start into the new year.

---
## References