---
Tags: daily, #daily
---

2024-03-12, 00:07

Links: [[2024-03-04]]


---
## What I did Today


--- 
## Ideas

I've got this reoccurring place in my dreams. Normally it's the town/city but recently it's been the weird open field/forest/nature scene that is oddly connected to obscure and unnerving lost places and the fringes of some city. I cannot describe the feeling it gives me but it's nostalgic and melancholic of course. But compared to the town it's actually more eerie and unnerving. Can't shake the feeling of being in some danger. Last dream my dad found a dismembered body with flayed skin just next to a bench with a tree and instead of freaking out or doing anything logical we just feared the authorities would question us so we quickly left. 
Some weird brick buildings or brutalist structures that are melted together versions of Lost places I know just pop up sometimes and we climb fences etc. to explore them. Sometimes I can't even tell If I'm with someone or alone. 
And most interesting of all is the weird glade that looks like a huge open field that is just riddled with tons of small stationary land spouts. Thin, brown tubes of whirlwinds just standing on one place throughout this field, not moving an inch, just undulating and swaying eerily. From far away they just look like odd mushrooms or trees but they're tornadoes. I don't know if they come out of a cloud or are forming from the ground up like dust devils but they are tiny in diameter. And I *swear* I've dreamed of these multiple times just like that. They just felt too familiar this time. I do remember dreaming about a similar field with a few larger tornado surrounding us but I think that was happening right next to the weird land spout glade. Tornadoes weird me out and especially in dreams they are a special kind of creepy. These weren't even dangerous but their entire existence just doesn't make sense. And there was just a normal path you could walk while all those whirlwinds just stand around you. And you kinda fear that one might move and attack you. #dream 

---
## References