---
Tags: #daily
---

2023-07-26, 13:06

Links: [[24-07-2023]]


---
## What I did Today


--- 
## Ideas


using the [[identical trees]] idea for a short story about someone who notices these kinds of small glitches and slowly starts going insane. Really odd little things you might miss. 
- the way the curtains fold exactly like they did 2 days ago
- a certain sentence someone repeats
- the water level of his bottle being at the exact same spot as last week (even starts marking the level to test if he drinks to that point subconsciously again)
- Notices that his life reacts like a game he is playing. Things are static objects, with set values or so he things

It should symbolize how repetition and boredom in life can lead to ones insanity where reality seems fake and pre programmed. It should be vague if things are actually fake or if he's just imagining/reading into it too much

Maybe the reason he lives such a monotonous life is because of something terrible that happened when he fell out of line for once. So he subconsciously conforms as much as possible until it breaks him.


He desperately tries to find something extraordinary in his life of nothingness that he amplifies the littlest things. Even tells his girlfriend about it all the time.

Maybe at the end of the story he is confronted by someone at the front door of his apartment where we get to find out that he actually lives alone and has no girlfriend. At least not anymore. But instead of reacting with shock to that conclusion he just solemnly acknowledges it and goes inside.
Because he's aware he is talking to himself, aware it's in his head. But he needs to cope.

A possible backstory and self contained one shot for [[Bandage puppet Revenant]]

---

A horror short story about the life of a mailman. And the interesting things and people he sees every time he delivers something. He tries not to stare at the people's rooms and remains polite but one day he got a short glance into the entrance of someone's home as he delivers something. Something behind the home owner, just for a second. A corpse? Or did he just imagine it. Over the weeks he'll notice that he'll deliver weirder and weirder packages and so the horror unfolds #idea/game/horror #story 

---
## References