---
Tags: daily, #daily
---

2023-10-11, 07:57

Links: [[06-10-2023]]


---
## What I did Today

dream about submitting my parent's lotto numbers through OLAT because they were away for some reason. But I did a mistake and wrote Scjaffeld instead of Schaffeld in the email. But because of a miracle that was a valid email and I basically connected our numbers to some random woman who was quite confused but happy. The site had a weird forum part as well and a few people were making light fun of me.
I had to talk to Anna over discord since she managed the OLAT for some reason but she was confused too. She heard my mom for the first time as well because of that. My parents were distraught.
Had to ask a teacher for help and for some reason jacksfilms came in clutch and asked in my name making it seem like he fucked up but I felt guilty and came clean. Seems like there wasn't a real solution but we could just resubmit which would be better because otherwise the second half of the weird lotto procedure would be done through OLAT again which would be stupid anyway.
Long in short a nightmare about german bureaucracy, which was way too realistic, great, just great. #dream

--- 
## Ideas

A subway that is owned by one person that is "homeless" or rather living there. Decorating it like a home. The reason he is allowed to stay is because he isn't bothering anyone and can become a serious threat. Istead he struck a truce with the city to keep away other shady folk that wanna drill for some sort of resources there or have other dubious plans with that specific subway

---
## References